feat(conjur): Certificate Auth support (#6393)
external-secrets/external-secrets: docs/provider/conjur.md

### External secret store

> The Secrets Manager provider is configured as an external secret store in ESO. The Secrets Manager provider supports these three methods to authenticate to Secrets Manager:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The synchronise secrets with Secrets Manager, you must configure an external secret store with one of the following three methods to authenticate to the Secrets Manager API:
```

Reviewer: Your fix does not highlight it's maximum one. Can you adapt, please?

> The synchronise secrets with Secrets Manager, you must configure an external secret store with one of the following three methods to authenticate to the Secrets Manager API:

Reviewer 2: nit: probably should be "To synchronise...

# kubectl delete secretstore -n external-secrets conjur
```

#### Option 3: External secret store with cert authentication

This method uses a client X.509 certificate and private key to authenticate with Secrets Manager via the `authn-cert` authenticator. The certificate must be issued by a CA that is trusted by the Secrets Manager `authn-cert` service, and the certificate's Common Name (CN) or `sub` annotation must match a host that is permitted to authenticate against the `authn-cert` web service.

> For more information on configuring the certificate authenticator, see the [Secrets Manager authn-cert documentation](https://docs.cyberark.com/conjur-open-source/Latest/en/Content/Operations/Services/cjr-authn-cert.htm).

Reviewer: Link is dead?

Author: Thanks, adapted

##### Step 1: Define an external secret store

When you use cert authentication, the following must be specified in the `SecretStore`:

* `account` - The name of the Secrets Manager account
* `serviceID` - The ID of the `authn-cert` `WebService` configured in Secrets Manager that is used to authenticate the client certificate
* `clientCertRef` - Reference to a Kubernetes secret containing the PEM-encoded client certificate
* `clientKeyRef` - Reference to a Kubernetes secret containing the PEM-encoded client private key

> * `hostId` (optional) - The Secrets Manager host identity to authenticate as. Leave empty to use SPIFFE mode, where the host identity is derived from the certificate's CN/SAN.

Reviewer: Do we really need to talk to SPIFFE mode as there is no actual test for it? 

Next to that, SPIFFE mode makes me think about SVID instead of an identity derived from cert CN/SAN. Isn't that a bit confusing? Those are not necessarily equal

Author: Should we just leave the information that hostId is optional, without explaining how omitting it works? Or you don't want the support for SPIFFE mode?

Reviewer: No I am fine with supporting SPIFFE mode on the principle, but how does that work in here? I thought hostID was for CN, not SVID. 

This means that if we say SPIFFE, people might think we do things that we don't actually do.

Or is SPIFFE mode for conjur FORCING the users to use CNs as SVIDs?

```
`hostId` (optional) - The Secrets Manager host identity to authenticate as. When empty, the host identity will be derived from the certificate's CN/SAN.
```

This seems more accurate based on code ^ . But tell me more about SPIFFE mode, and then we can most likely add a line like this:

```
If you are using SPIFFE with SVID based on CN/SaN, leave this field empty.
```

But then we should most likely do more tests validating that this works?

Author: Generally speaking most configuration (on using SPIFFE or default mode) takes place in Conjur (via policy and variables)

For SPIFFE mode:
- the client certificate must be an X.509 SVID containing a spiffe://<trust-domain>/<workload-id> SAN URI (the SPIFFE ID), and Conjur derives the host from the SPIFFE ID instead of the request path

See https://docs.cyberark.com/conjur-open-source/latest/en/content/operations/authn/authn-cert/authn-cert.htm?TocPath=Integrations%7CCertificate%20authenticator%7C_____0
 
 The description claiming that lack of hostID is activating the SPIFFE mode is not quite right, it is again resolved at Conjur based on the value of `host-mode` variable. The unfortunate wording was my bad. I have adapted the description.

```yaml
{% include 'conjur-secret-store-cert.yaml' %}
```

#### Step 2: Create Kubernetes secrets for the client certificate and key

To connect to the Secrets Manager server using certificate authentication, the **ESO Secrets Manager provider** needs to retrieve the client certificate and private key from K8s secrets.

You can use either a TLS-typed secret or a generic secret. The following example uses a generic secret:

```shell
# This is all one line
kubectl -n external-secrets create secret generic conjur-client-cert \
  --from-file=tls.crt=/path/to/client.crt \
  --from-file=tls.key=/path/to/client.key
```

!!! Note
    `conjur-client-cert` is the `name` defined in the `clientCertRef` and `clientKeyRef` fields of the `conjur-secret-store.yaml` file. Both the certificate and the key must be PEM-encoded.

#### Step 3: Create the external secrets store

!!! Important
    Unless you are using a [ClusterSecretStore](../api/clustersecretstore.md), credentials must reside in the same namespace as the SecretStore.

```shell
# WARNING: creates the store in the "external-secrets" namespace, update the value as needed
#

> kubectl apply -n external-secrets -f conjur-secret-store.yaml

Reviewer 2: not sure about the value of this line. it doesn't show the structure of the manifest. 

Same for below, the command hardcodes the name of the secret store and itself is commented out. 

The above tls is valid because it shows which keys are expected.
